docs: add sandbox and ensv2readiness (#2103)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/integrate/integration-options/enskit/example.mdx

---
title: ⚡ Interactive enskit example
description: Edit and run the enskit-react-example app against a live ENSNode endpoint in your browser.
tableOfContents: false
sidebarDocked: true
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

import EnskitExampleInteractivePlayground from "@components/organisms/EnskitExampleInteractivePlayground";

This playground loads the same source as [`enskit-react-example`](https://github.com/namehash/ensnode/tree/main/examples/enskit-react-example): a Vite + React app with routing, domain and account browsers, registry cache, and search — powered by [`enskit`](/docs/integrate/integration-options/enskit) and the [ENS Omnigraph API](/docs/integrate/omnigraph).

> :::note[First load may take a moment]
> The editor runs entirely in your browser. Downloading of **enskit**, **enssdk** and their heavy dependencies may take 30-60 seconds.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note[First load may take a few minutes]
The embedded StackBlitz editor runs entirely in your browser. Downloading and installing all npm packages may take a few minutes. Watch the install progress in the terminal of the StackBlitz editor.
:::
```
